Hahahaha
Flowers are always happy
Then let's keep it simple.
Select three rough stones each.
Let's see who chooses the better grade to determine how to win or lose
All right, everybody.
Please invite us next.
Mr. Gao, the gambling king, and
President of Caiyun Jewelry, Mr. Hua presided over the competition
So stay tuned.
Chen Hao, what are you doing?
What about picking stones?
Master, the method you taught me is really useful
I sensed Reiki
Reiki
Why didn't I feel it?
The internal popularity of the stone can be sucked out
This stone actually made me go from area 7 times
It was directly dragged to the eighth time.
But I got to practice the eighth time.
What master, you have already vomited
What are you two talking about?
I don't understand a word
We were discussing how to pick stones. Hmm.
Chen Hao is actually the first time you smiled at me
Today's game is not ordinary, yeah yeah